we're friends right like I can talk to
you like we're friends right so I got my
hood a glass of ice I got my five dollar
bottle of my favorite Moscato I'm about
half a bottle and it's my beer horrible
fucking mistake okay I want to tell you
guys a story four weeks ago I was at an
event and while I was there someone
pointed out to me that someone who was
there was a youtuber so I was like okay
you know what sitting with a youtuber
and they told me the name of the
youtuber and I didn't recognize the name
it didn't matter because I feel like
there's like a especially like between
women on YouTube even if I'm not you
know a subscriber to them I want to meet
them so I walked up to her with like the
best of intention a I recognized in
YouTube you know even though I've no
fucking clue who you are I go up to her
and she had her friend with her I was
like you look really familiar and she
did look a little bit familiar like I'm
I'm not a subscriber of hers but she did
look familiar like maybe I had seen like
one or two of her videos in the past
like hey oh my god it's you oh my I you
know I recognized you like you have a
YouTube channel right let me tell you
what this fucking bitch deal I admire
anyone who has a YouTube channel I don't
care if you're Michelle Phan to someone
who just started at five seconds ago
like whoever you are it takes work to
have a YouTube channel I don't care what
nobody say it takes work some of these
videos I'd be making take me a whole
week to edit right but I tell you that
she looked so bothered
she looks so bothered that I would deign
to even speak to her you're the third
person today to recognize me
I just came here to do my business it
just came here to do some shopping and I
don't want to be bothered the her friend
was like you know you should be happy
you're you're in the presence of a
YouTube celebrity no no she didn't say
YouTube so you're in the presence of a
celebrity you know you should you know
recognize her you're the presence of a
celebrity like what do you say to that I
feel like I'm making deals with Lancome
if you're not on somebody's Abercrombie
& Fitch commercial bitch we're all just
out here trying to make it could not
muster than me to do what I wanted to do
which was literally take my hand get a
good grip on her roots and just yank the
website this bitch's head right after
would look like a female version of mrs.
Potato Head has finished talking to me
her YouTube friend like didn't even
clarify the situation like I feel like
there's been a couple times where I've
been out and I've been recognized which
is awesome if any of y'all ever see me
you know at the grocery store at the gym
whatever please feel free to come up to
me I absolutely love talking to you but
if I was ever out with someone like a
friend and somebody recognized me and my
friend went on some your celebrity you
know Ricky ladies my greatness bullshit
I would have to fuckin check my friend
like that's just that's just a black
bottom line so when she did this I like
to the youtuber I'm like are you are you
not gonna check your friend link am I
supposed to like get down on my knees
and you know suck your clit because you
have subscribers like for real homie I'm
like I approached her as a fan even
though I'm not but even though I
approached us our family she didn't she
didn't know stay nice to meet me she
didn't you know offer a hug she didn't
like seem happy to see me at all I swear
I swear every single time I've ever met
anybody out in public who recognized me
from YouTube I'm just so elated yeah
it's a bit awkward but I'm just so happy
to know that there's people out there
that watch my fucking videos like I
still can't believe people watch these
videos well I'm just thinking about this
now I'm just feeling so much more hyped
up like just remembering this like I
cannot fucking believe this
I cannot fucking believe that this
crusty ass garbage pail kid could not
muster any sign of a smile
any signs of joy Montgomery phille and I
don't think people like that deserve to
have success so in conclusion to this
story to all the people out there on
YouTube or Instagram who feel like that
you got a little bit of followers and
you can just act any kind of way like
you are not Angelina Jolie bitch you're
not even cookie like I can't even
understand trap I can't deal with it
just be grateful just be grateful was
just such a turn-off like if I had been
a fan of hers that would have been
enough for me to unsubscribe them to
schools of alcohol like I would have
been genuinely let down I'm never gonna
say who I'm talking about ever you know
what I'll tell you what if somebody
between $5,000 I'll tell you exactly
what the fuck she is I'll tell you her
social security number I'll tell you her
blood type I'll tell you how many
pregnancy tests she's taking in her life
I'll tell you all of that that's fine
sort of